From Hansel minutes.com it's Hansel
minutes or weekly discussion with
web developer and technologists. Scott
Hanselman. This is Lawrence Ryan announcing
show number 200 recorded live
Friday, February 12th, 2010. Support for Hanselman
it's just provided by Tellerik
R a D controls the
most comprehensive suite of components
to windows forms and asp.net
web applications online@wwwdottelerik.com. In this
episode, Scott talks with developer,
John skeet. Hi, this is
Scott Hanselman, and this is
another episode of Hansel minutes.
In fact, it is episode
200 of Hanselman. So it
may be a little bit
more than just another episode.
And I thought about who
should I have on this
episode? I said, maybe I
should get bill Gates or
Ray Ozzie or, and in
fact, I realized the person
that I wanted most to
have on my 200 show
representing nearly four years of
weekly podcasts was the Chuck
Norris of programming, John skeet
himself. And he is on
the phone with us now
from England. How are you,
sir? I'm fine. Thank you
very much. How are you?
I am very well. I'm
thrilled. I'm thrilled to meet
you over the phone here.
People, people believe that that
you are in fact, the
Chuck Norris of programming, and
this has been kind of
a controversial thing over on
the, on stack overflow about
a year and a half
ago, someone opened a question
about facts about John skeet
and Chuck Norris. Can, can
you give us a little
background about what exactly happened
and why it was a
little mini controversy? Basically it
was a bit of fun.
So I'd be on stack
overflow for a few months
and had risen reasonably quickly
due to having just enough
knowledge, to be dangerous and
fed fast piping to fingers.
And someone opened this question
saying John skeet fat, which
was clearly not programming related
and various people disliked the
idea of celebrating the cult
of John, et cetera, which
I can completely sympathize with.
But then just afterwards to
started stack overflow weighed in
and said, no stack overflow
is about the users. So
this question is fine and
it's been open the link
closed however many times loads
the times, but at the
same time, it's got hundreds
of answers. It's extremely silly.
To be honest, it's not
about me. It's all it's
about. Let's see what silly
things we can come up
with that a superhero programmer
would have. Certainly, certainly. Yeah,
it's not about, it's not
about John skeet, who we're
talking to. It's about the
mythical mystical mythical beast of
John skeet that we have
never met. If you don't
mind, I'm going to read
a few of these because
truly amazing. John skeet is
immutable. If something's going to
change, it's going to have
to be the rest of
the universe. John skeets code,
doesn't follow a coding convention.
It is the coding convention
and here's the best one.
I think that is the
most stack overflow ish users.
Don't Mark John skeets answers
as accepted the universe, accepts
them out of a sense
of truth and justice. I
think that's pretty fantastic. There's
279 answers on that question
that it continues to go
on and has a life
of itself. But, but you
are very well respected as
a technologist and you work
for Google, but I have
written C-sharp in depth, which
is a, is out now.
Yeah, so I worked for
Google in the London office
on the mobile team, which
means I wrote Java most
of the time. And I
should point out that I
didn't speak for Google in
any way, shape or form.
So don't regard anything that
comes out to my now
as the voice of Google.
But yeah, so I write
in Java, I write about
C sharp. I mostly program
C sharp for fun, and
I find it a lovely
language to work in C
sharp in depth has been
out for about a year
and a half. Now, ironically
it's actually was published about
the same time that's I
came over to the state,
serve Fortnite for nuclear orientation
as they call it. So
just as I was officially
leaving a career in C
sharp, the book came out
and by the time I
got back, there was a
lovely Carlton with my 25
free copies, but the C
the C shelf in that
second edition is what I'm
working on that moment. And
that will come out. We'll
probably June, maybe July. Did
you, did you have a
problem moving from C sharp
to Java, or was it
more about working for Google
regardless of the language that
you, that you'd be using
there? I certainly decided to
work for Google, whatever the
language, and it's a fabulous
place to work. I haven't
had very much problem getting
Java cause I've always been
splitting between the two. So
I started off in Java.
Well, my career started 94,
95, sort of in university
vacations, working for digital. And
I started off in Java.
That was back in Java
one point North when it
was completely interpereted. So it
was a really slow beast
back then. And then my
first job started off in
Java and I did a
fair amount of C sharp,
just near the end. Then
I went to a job
that I thought would be
about C sharp, and it
ended up being in Java
after awhile. And I went
back to another job at
C sharp. Now I'm at
Google, that's being Java. Although
I do do 20% projects
while I'm at Google and
in C sharp, where I
can Are these really are
these two languages really that
close that someone can move
back and forth between them
with, with, with no, with
apparently no major problem? Or
is this just that you're
a good programmer? Oh, certainly
not the latter. I, whether
actually the problem might be
that they're too close to
be comfortable rather than too
far apart. And when people
use different languages all the
time, there are some people
who will write a bit
of JavaScript and then a
bit of Haskell or crazily
far apart things. If you're
doing some enterprise integration, you
might have to maintain some
cable system and then writes
in C sharp or whatever.
The frustrating thing sometimes is
that Java and C sharp
are very similar in many
ways, but Java has just
been evolving that much slower
than C sharp. So I
reckon that when C-sharp originally
came out, it was a
little bit better than Java
and Java was at, I
think 1.4 at that stage.
It hadn't yet got generics.
The Java got its version
of generics before C-sharp did
and uniform. They would be
sort of leapfrogging over each
other all the time. But
Java really hasn't gone very
far in terms of the
language since then, we're sort
of pinning our hoops on
Java seven to really get
a lot of the features
that C sharp already has,
and maybe a few other
ones as well. But yeah,
seashell has just been taking
off incredibly fast. It does
seem to be kind of
a thumb war between the
two, between the two languages.
How many, how many more
features can we add to
a language? I think that
that link is pretty extraordinary
the way that was additive
to C-sharp, you know, is
there something coming down the
line in Java, that's going
to be Linky or in
the sense of adding a
huge DSL to this language?
I don't know of anything
quite on the scale of
link. And I suspect that
if that does come, it
would be a little bit
later. And the main talking
points about Java seven, certainly
from my point of view,
is whether, whether the Java
will get closures and it
was announced a few months
ago, but it now looks
like it will, for a
while. It was no one
can work out what closures
should look like in Java.
So something equivalent to lumbar
expressions in C sharp, and
there's now a proposal which
looks pretty promising and we'll
see whether it happens, but
it's meant to happen. And
that for me is a
huge point because there are
lots of things that are
like link. If you mentioned
that link query expressions didn't
exist in C sharp, but
we still had extension methods
and we still have Lambda
expressions. And we still had
all the type inference improvements
that came in C sharp
three. You could still be
pretty dumb, productive with that
query expression, but icing on
the cake in a way.
So I don't know for
sure whether Java seven looks
like it's going to get
extension methods or something similar,
and everything can be slightly
different, but achieve the same
kind of thing. But just
having closures will make a
lot of things much, much
better. What, what do you
use from an OSTP and
IDE perspective while you're at
work at Google versus what
are you COVID see sharpen
at home. So if I'm
using sea shelf at home,
I'll use visual studio, either
2008 or 2010, I've just
moved to the release comes
and it says essentially 10,
and it's looking lovely at
work. I use eclipse Java
and often, in fact, for
both languages, I'll use just
a plain text editor, particularly
for questions on stack overflow.
I tend to like to
write a small console app,
15 lines long. I've got
a test book Java and
the test dot CS in
the directory that a console
brings me up in. So
all I've got to do
is edit that, run the
command line compiler and I'm
away. And that's considerably quicker
than bring up visual studio,
find a fan books project,
trying to get rid of
whatever you have before firing
for a very quick sort
of Emacs like text editor
is considerably quicker. Yeah, for
that, I've been using a
program called snippet compiler. It's
basically like notepad, but it
compiles. So it does exactly
what you just described. You
know, you may do a
quick edit and you go
CSE at the command line,
but I understand that you
definitely don't want to litter
the world with a file
new console application 96, if
you're just trying to go
pro so what is, what
is the OSTP you're using
though at, at, at, at
Google? We use Linux as
well. I use Linux as
my main desktop. Most people
do most engineers do. I
do also have a windows.
Is it okay to ask
which distribution? I don't know
whether it's okay to ask
or not. So I'm going
to not say anything. All
right. But it is eclipse
and that's. So you've been
using visual studio 2010 RC.
This is the one that
we just released to the
public a couple of days
ago. And we released to
MSDN subscribers a little bit
before that I just installed
it on three different machines,
fast, medium, and slow. And
I'm going to try doing
some tests. What kind of
machine are you running on
it and how's it working
out for you? So I
have a couple of years
old bell inspire on 1720,
which is built, I think
two gigahertz computing vehicle for
my main laptop at home.
And I've also got a
Samsung, NC 10, but the
process of which I use,
because I've got about an
hour long commute each way
or an hour and a
half in the evening, I
tend to try to get
some work done on the
train. So I've been working
the book and writing some
code for the book on
the train. So that really
sort of puts the visual
studio for its places in
terms of speed, the beat.
It was not a pleasant
experience on an output, but
with the release candidates, it's
actually pretty reasonable. Hmm. Yeah.
The general sense of is
that the RC has a
huge number of performance improvements.
I'm going to be really
interested to dig into it
and find out if that's
something that's specific to the
IDE that they made faster,
or if it's underlying things
like making WPF faster or
making other libraries faster in
order to enable the IDE
to be faster as think
that if someone at Microsoft
has learned a great deal
about speed, the rest of
us should learn about it
as well. Take advantage of
that. Yes, it's, it's difficult
to know exactly which bits
will be due to visual
studio itself. I know Rico
Mariani has blogged about things
that they have found whilst
tuning the heck out of
visual studio. And some of
those would be quite specific
where it's interoperating with calm
or whatever in plugins that
most of the most programmers
probably don't do very, very
much common situation. I sort
of personally hope not because
I enjoy using on myself,
but other things I will
be interested that there are
a couple of strange performance
quirks that I've found with
Nullarbor planks. For instance, that
would be really kind of
deep in the CLR. And
I have no idea whether
any of that's changed between
Bita two and three leads
come to this. But yeah,
I don't have unfortunately, a
good performance benchmark other than
essentially my protocol buffers. The
20% project that I mentioned
earlier on, which is a
sort of Sierra elevation and
deserialization framework, I do occasionally
run performance benchmarks with that.
So I can see whether
that's any faster under that
foreman.net 3.5. Now, Hi, this
is Scott Hanselman from another
parallel universe, got to tell
you about some of our
things our sponsors are doing.
They make this free podcast
possible. If you're developing a
new line of business application,
you've probably tried the latest
version of server light. Now
you can get even better
results by combining the functionality
and server Lite for beta,
with some of the richness
or the third party controls
from our friends at Tellerik,
they're the first vendors to
offer native support for the
server Lite for beta and
their rad controls. You've got
a new server Lite for
CTP suite of these controls.
They let you tap into
the frameworks, great potential. You
got native right mouse click
and all the new features
it's server line. There's 38
controls that give you all
these features. You can start
building those compelling line of
business applications right away. I
encourage you to check those
products out at tellerik.com/server light,
and, you know, thank Tellerik
for supporting dot and rock
supporting Hansel minutes on their
Facebook fan page at facebook.com/tellerik.
Now back to the show,
is this new? Is this,
this framework that you're working
on, is that the note
of time, the opensource date
time library that you're working
on, or is that something
else That's something else? So
Moodle is a completely personal
project. It's got sort of
nothing to do with Google
as it were. Whereas protocol
buffers is a Google framework
for serialization. That's effectively just
pull it from the jobs.
Again, they're both jobs at
port really, but the idea
of protocol buffers is you
can have a common, portable
serialization framework so that someone
could send me then my
framework, an object serialized from
or from Pearl, I
think there's a Pearl implementation
or certainly C plus plus
and Java. And I can
interoperate with that and then
something. So it's a lot
less brittle than the sort
of Java and C sharp
serialization binary serialization. That is
very, very specific to that
platform. Obviously it becomes less
flexible at that point as
well. So you have to
specify your serialization messages made
out of various sort of
primitives. Here's a string, here's
a binary blob, here's an
integer, et cetera. The, you
do have to design your
clamps around that, but equally
you suddenly get portability it's
design because obviously Google, we
have lots of different versions
of bits of code running.
You can't upgrade all of
Google's servers to the same
version, just like that. So
you have to have a
lot of tolerance for, well,
this was a message version
two. Can we read it
from version three? Yes, we
can. If we send a
message from version three back
to version two, can we
read that? Yes, we can.
And it's specifically designed for
that sort of thing. Whereas
there to time is a
completely different project that I
really started after talking at
the stack Overflow's fifties conference.
And I gave a fairly
lighthearted thought called humanity ethics
sale, where I described some
of the problems that really
we brought upon ourselves in
terms of computing. So you
would have four, three of
the things that should be
easy dealing with texts, dealing
with numbers and dealing with
dates and planes. Those are
all sort of run as
the middle of things that
we should make failings in
the, all of the more
insanely difficult. And one of
the problems in dotnet is
while the BCL has certainly
been improving and plans and
info, and they climb off
set are very, very welcome.
They don't really span everything
that I think should be
in a decent claim library.
And there's a fabulous library
by a chuckle Stephen Colborn
in Java called Joe to
time. And that is widely
regarded as the library that
you use. If you're going
to use dates and claim
stuff on Java, and you
don't bother with Java util
beats, you don't bother with
Java util calendar. They're too
error prone, too difficult to
use. Now you use your
design. So it seemed to
make sense to me to
put that spot net and
try to do a really
good job of making it
feel like it's a.net library,
not just a port and
at the same time, because
it's an interesting open source
project. I thought it would
be a good idea to
try some, take a record
of the problems that they
faced. One when porting it
to the problems in terms
of what does.net having the
way to build systems, unit,
test systems, et cetera. How
do you choose one for
an open source project? So
I'm going to try to
pull all that together as
a sort of guide to,
so you think you want
to start an open opensource
project. Here are the things
to think about. That's a
great idea. Is this something
that we can, we can
watch? Is there a get
hub or a subversion repository
that we can kind of
Snoop in on? There's a
material Repository at covid.google.com/pin/no. To
time we can put the
link in the show notes,
we've got loads of people
interested. So I tweeted about
it and blog about it
at the time. And last
time I looked, I think
there were sort of 80
or 90 people who were
interested in it and interested
enough to have chipped in
on the mailing list. And
various other committers have definitely
contributed plenty of code. It's
solid from a one man
project. Unfortunately everyone's busy, I'm
busy writing the book, et
cetera. So I started it
in September and my aim
was to have something that
could be useful. And you
wouldn't feel worried about looking
at and using in a
real project in one year's
playing from that September. So
I've still got about seven
months to make it production
ready. We've got some useful
stuff already, but is that
some of the early days?
And I'm hoping that as
soon as I finished C
sharp in that second edition,
I can start to put
some real time into their
design. Will it be as
complete as Joda time? I
mean, Joe time is, is
not just complete it's, it's
like encyclopedic, it supports like
six different kinds of other
calendars. It's not just the
standard for Corian counters, but
it goes out to Islamic
calendars, Coptic calendars. Plus it
has a really interesting flute,
kind of a fluent API.
Are you going to have
similar functionality? Certainly. So we'll
definitely support various different calendar
types. We're restricting some of
it because in some ways,
due to time is a
bit too flexible. It allows
you to create your own
calendar fields. So if you
had some that in some
idea roles, a third of
a week, which third of
the week are we in
at the moment? So you
could add that as your
own field pipe injected time.
And if you hooked it
into every single spot that
you needed to, then you
could start asking what's third
of the week today is
et cetera. Now we thought
that was a little bit
too flexible, just in terms
of it made the interface
harder to understand, harder to
implement, et cetera. So we've
tried to simplify it a
bit. We will have a
fluent interface in the same
places that Jody time does,
although actually there's a lot
to be gained from the
fact that we've got software
it's overloading in net. So
Jayda time tries to stick
to immutable clips in most
places. And in fact, where
they do have multiple types
so far, we've managed to
most and removed them from
time to time. And immutable
pipes are ideal for operators,
you know, adding a period
to an instance, whatever. And
so that's, it's really trying
to take the benefits of
all the stuff that you
can do in.net that you'd
like to be able to
enjoy in Java, but it
just doesn't quite support it.
And likewise in Java, they're
all reference plates, they're all
classes because all you can
specify. Whereas I don't really
find myself writing custom search
in C sharp, but in
fact, we've already got three
different strikes, which are just
wrappers around a single long,
but they're really, really useful
to have as different wrappers.
And in fact, we've got
one slightly strange scenario and
the offset of a date
time from UTC. So for
timezone, it's got that particular
offsets at a particular time,
and we've got the strange
situation that you can only
add it to a UTC
time and you can only
subtract it from a local
plane to get back to
a UGC time. So we've
got this sort of asymmetric
situation, which actually helps you
keep clip safe. You can't
accidentally use it the wrong
way around and end up
with your set going backwards,
which is strange, but has
worked one of the few
while. Wow, I'm going to
deal with time zones. Oh
yes. So we've got plenty
zone support. One of the
things that's missing as far
as I'm aware from the.net
BCL is support for what's
called the orphan database of
time zones. So zone info
has all the windows names
for planes, planes, which is
entirely reasonable given botnets windows
nature, but a lot of
the rest of the world
uses awesome identifies. So Europe
slash London, for example, the
planes and the climate at
the moment. And we support
that. We also supports historical
changes to the plane zone.
So Clemson changing all the
time. One example I had
in November when I was
giving the StackOverflow talk was
one of my unit tests
had just broken and thinking
that Greenland was in Argentina
because the origin plan governments,
government just announced that they
were stopping daylight savings. And
they gave, I think 11
days notice that they were
doing this, which is kind
of a mess as far
as the software in Argentina
is concerned. But it does
mean you need to have
the idea of a time
zone that changes over time.
So we can accurately represent
what happened in history. And
we can accurately represent what
it looks like will happen
in the future. And as
this is updated. So there's,
there's a whole blog to
do with dates and playing
zones changing. And as things
changed and the awesome database
gets updated and then we'd
be able to ship either
a new, complete version of
notice claim, or just a
sort of supplementary here's the
plain zone database bit that
you don't need to change
your binary. Just the time
zone. This really seems like
it'll be a, an exercise
in unit testing. I mean,
date times libraries and daytime
calculations are only as good
as their, as their test
coverage. Absolutely. And it's an
ideal thing for unit tests
because there's no external input.
We don't have to worry
about what does it look
like on the screen? We
don't have to worry about
how is it going to
react when the user typed
something in, because they're not
anything in, it's just the
library. It's plain old, put
some numbers in, get some
numbers out. Are they the
right numbers? Now there are
various internationalization issues. So we'll
have to make sure that
the unit tests don't assume
anything about the culture they're
in or specify the culture
for formatting. For instance, one
of the nice things that
we've got that again, follows
due to time is the
idea of you build a
form letter that moves what
pattern it's using, which means
that you don't have to
pause it all the time.
So every time you call
it date playing a tripod
exact or whatever you're calling,
if you've specified a format,
then the BCL is having
to pause and say, Oh
right, you're expecting some years
to start with them some
months and some days, et
cetera, that what have wasted
time, you're going to use
the same format again and
again and again. So we've
got the idea of a
format that has already got
that custom built into it.
And then it can just
scan through the actual input
text, which will change all
the time. And hopefully that
will be considerably faster than
the BCM completions. We are
checking performance against the BCL.
I'm expecting that a lot
of things will be slower
just because we're not spending
all our professional lives tuning
is in the way that
I'm sure the BCL team
are, but it'll, it'll be
interesting to see whether on
that specific feature, we can
actually help perform the BCL.
I'm really hoping that we
can. Well, it sounds like
if you're willing to put
this much effort into improving.net,
that you definitely think that
there's a future for.net. Yeah.
I, I really it's something
I think about occasionally we
all talk about the COVID
legacy, but I think that
again, there's going to be
a huge legacy in the
future for all of these
platforms, but it's not, it's
not going away. Jobs is
not going away, Ruby and
points that aren't going away.
I really feel for people
who graduate in say 30
years time and have all
these systems, which by then
maybe sort of legacy in
the same way that tubal
is legacy, it will be
still be writing new C-sharp
code in 30 years time.
Probably not, but there'll be
a heck of a lot
of codes, mean things. So
I see a rosy future
for less itself in the
short term and in the
very long term, I'm sure
it will still be around
to be maintained for a
very long time. Indeed, That's
comforting as somebody that kind
of makes their living on
community. That's kind of, that's
pretty important to me. Do
you spend most of your
time on, on stack overflow?
Is that what community is
to you? That's where I
spend most of the plan
that's I think of as
community. Yeah. So I do
run, I do write my
own blog. And in some
ways, I guess you could
call writing a book, a
community activity. It feels solitary
for some of the time.
Although for this second edition,
I've actually tried to get
quite a lot of feedback
by asking questions in blog
posts saying, Hey, how would
people feel about ditching this
chapter or changing the focus
of another chapter and so
on. So I've tried to
get as much feedback as
I can early on in
the process. But other than
that, yeah, I spend a
certain amount of time on
stack overflow. Yeah. I learned
an awful lot just from
trying to answer other people's
questions. I've done that for
well, for as long as
I've been programming in Java
and C seashell upsets me,
I you're still the number
one person on stack overflow,
right? Yeah. And I was
talking about this over breakfast
the other day. It's actually
slightly tricky because I'm now
sufficiently far ahead. If someone
joins stack overflow today. And
if I stopped posting today
then because I've been posting
for nearly a year and
a half, it would take
them a year and a
half. If they posted the
same amount that I have
been doing in order to
catch up. Sometimes I wonder
whether there ought to be
some sort of Decatur reputation,
but equally that doesn't make
sense. In other ways. It
really depends on what you
regard reputation as Miguel by
Casa was tweeting about this
just yesterday saying you really,
there's no chance of beating
me. Well, beating me suggests
it's a competition, which I
guess it is in some
ways, but I think it
would do us all good
to just regard reputation as
happy points. Well, yeah. But
when you, when you have
a main page, that sorts
by happy points, it's pretty.
Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. I
maybe think of it as
a game and I'm competitive
when I'm gaming, particularly like
I play board games quite
a lot at lunchtime, so
yes, I certainly play for,
I play to win when
I'm playing games, but at
the same time you can
take it too seriously and
it would be utterly pointless
to try to get the
system to get more reputation
points just for the sake
of getting more reputation points
at that point. You've really
lost the whole nature of
why you're on stack overflow
to start with, if, if
only it's all sort of
question and someone else offices,
it certainly includes everything else
that I've already written, then
I'll just delete my own.
So there's no point in
keeping it there just to
keep a bit of reputation.
The point is ultimately to
help people as much as
possible and reputation is a
fun game to play along
the way. Really. I think,
I think for me, the
thing that's most significant about
the kind of quote unquote
does stack overflow experience is
the idea that a reputation
enables you to do other
things. Not, not that it's
most interesting to be number
one, but that it's interesting
to have some amount of
effort into it because then
you get ability to moderate
and the ability to self
self maintain. And that it's
not just a, a bit,
a bit flipping, you're either
a newbie or you've been
there, there's a gradient of
various things that you can
unlock and that, and those
things make the experience better.
And then you would continue
on and it's a self
kind of self-maintaining system. Yeah.
And even when you've unlocked
all the sort of special
abilities, there are still the
patches and particularly with the
tack badges. So when you've
had 400 upticks in a
particular PAG, then you get
to silver badge for that.
And if you get a
thousand votes in a particular
tag, you get a gold
badge for that. I always
found it particularly amusing, but
I was the first person
to get a silver badge
for visual basic, which, you
know, isn't a language that's
I regard myself as particularly
certainty. And yet I got
to the silver badge. So
that's in fact, I think,
I mean, now I'm just
checking net. Yes. I now
have a gold badge in
VB. If you ask me
to wait some VB, I
would completely fail. I would
have to compose in C
sharp code and then you
can play with them reflects
or, or whatever. So it
doesn't mean to me, but
that's just cause most, most
questions that people think of
VB questions or actually just.net
questions with a VB accent.
I like that one of
BB accent. Let me ask
you this kind of in
closing, how much time are
you spending on this really?
Oh, I couldn't measure it
because I use it. I
tend to spend idle plane
doing it. You know, how,
how much of the time
do you spend breathing? Not
that I'm equating stack overflow
reading from the unbook point.
That's ridiculous. But you know,
it's just something you do
while you're waiting for other
things. So if I'm waiting
for a complaint happen, whether
that's at work or at
home, I'll just quickly check.
If I'm just taking a
mental breather, I will check.
And then often, usually even
there aren't any questions for
me to have a look
at. And if there is,
I'll take a quick look
at it. Maybe answer for
a few minutes, sometimes on
a single question for half
an hour or an hour,
I have occasionally puts it
in quite a lot of
assets. So it's something that
I spend a lot of
time looking at, but without
wasting much of my time,
she, she was, I mean,
I don't think anything else
would particularly take its place
and make me more productive
or more useful to humanity
in some other way. But
equally it does take a
fair amount of my claim.
Yeah. Okay. But it's not,
it's not like you sit
down and you think of
this as a, a, a
piece of work that needs
to be done. Like, all
right. Gotta pound through the
stack overflow today. It's more
of a, it's your time
filler. Yes. Yes, exactly. So
where some people would sort
of have a game of
sort of attack because you've
got three minutes to film.
For whatever reason you have
a game of pool, his
hair, or you check Seco
sex slash thoughts or whatever.
I tend check stock overflow.
It's just one place to
sync sync my time. Well,
I'm, I'm for one, I'm
glad that you're spending time
over there because it's a
great community. And I enjoy
reading. You're very thorough and
complete questions and answers. Yeah.
It's fabulous. It really is
completely different as community goes
to anything else I've seen.
So I know it looks
a bit like experts exchange.
Yeah. There's the whole it's
experts exchange without the evil,
without having looked at experts,
exchange myself much. I don't
know how evil it really
is, but there we go.
But even compared with newsgroups,
the reaction time is so
fast. So it used to
be on these groups. We
would say, okay, if you
don't hear back within a
day, then it's reasonable to
ping and say, have I
missed something? Did I not
give enough information, et cetera
on sucker, if you haven't
heard back within half an
hour, then I'd be surprised
normally when I've asked questions.
And obviously if, if I'm
asking a question, it tends
to be fairly concentrative or
something about C-sharp fall, but
not many people would have
gone into a particular corner
even. So I got very,
very quickly. It really is
an amazing resource. I think
it's really changing how people
can program and the fact
that it's so wide that
it doesn't just focus on
botnet, but it doesn't just
focus on Java. Yeah. I've
got some really big questions.
I've seen a question I
thought with a bit of
research. So I'm gonna go
ahead, found out what a
certain operator does or have
something to haze. And I've
learned a bit of Ruby.
I'm not a review Reuben
programmers. I would never have
picked it up if I
hadn't seen that question, obviously
I could have done it
for like going out of
my way. I'm sure there
are a great group of
associates, but the fact that
stack overflow just throws them
all together. It means just
that bit more incentive to
learn something beyond that. Yeah.
I love it. I love
it. Thank you so much,
John skeet for talking to
us today on our 200
show council minutes. I really
appreciate, Well, this is show
200 another episode of Hansel
minutes and I'll see you
again next week.